# prayers
Link to this page: https://prabhupadabooks.com/nod/9/prayers
From the above mentioned section of the book "The Nectar of Devotion" by Śrīla Prabhupāda, we find the following mention of the importance of offering authorized prayers with proper consciousness and spiritual emotions.
-------------------------------------------- 
According to great learned scholars, the whole Bhagavad-gītā contains many authorized prayers, especially in the Eleventh Chapter, where Arjuna prays to the universal form of the Lord. Similarly, in the Gautamīya-tantra all the verses are called prayers. Again in the Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam, there are hundreds of prayers to the Lord. So a devotee should select some of these prayers for his recitation. In the Skanda Purāṇa the glories of these prayers are stated as follows: "Devotees whose tongues are decorated always with prayers to Lord Kṛṣṇa are always given respect even by the great saintly persons and sages, and such devotees are actually worshipable by the demigods."
Those who are less intelligent want to worship different demigods for some material gain rather than worship Kṛṣṇa. But here it is stated that a devotee who is always engaged in offering prayers to the Lord is worshipable even by the demigods themselves. The pure devotees have nothing to ask from any demigod, but rather the demigods are anxious to offer prayers to the pure devotees.
In the Nṛsiṁha Purāṇa it is stated: "Any person who comes before the Deity of Lord Kṛṣṇa and begins to chant different prayers is immediately relieved from all the reactions of sinful activities and becomes eligible, without any doubt, to enter into the Vaikuṇṭha-loka."